MEMORY DIVES


1. BEN'S PAST
Bartender: Well, Ben, you seem like a perfect fit for the job. Almost too good of a fit, even. What aren't you telling me?

Benjamin: Alright, here's the truth: I didn't just leave the space marines. I was dismissed.

Bartender: I see. What for?

Benjamin: Overly liberal use of firearms. Folks used to call be "Big Shot" 'cause of how often I'd discharge my rifle. It's a mistake I can admit.

Bartender: So you're trigger happy, and you want me to hire you as a bouncer?

Benjam: Just give me a chance, sir. I can prove I've changed.

Bartender: Let me think it over.

Benjamin: Thank you, sir!


2. BEN AND WALLY GET TIPSY
Wally: Come on, Benny boy! Just one drink! Loosen up!

Benjamin: I'm on the job, Wally. I have to stay alert!

Wally: That sounds boring. You aren't even going to have one drink?

Benjamin: Beat it, little man.

Wally: Whatever. I bet you won't  because you know you can't hold your drink.

Benjamin: Yeah, you wish.

Wally: I bet you can't outdrink me!

Benjamin: I could drink circles around you, pipsqueak.

Wally: Drinking contest. Right here and now.

Benjamin: ...

Wally: Or are you scared?

Benjamin: Fine! You are on!


3. BEN'S GUN GOES MISSING
Benjamin: Oooh, my head.

Kevin: You okay, Ben?

Benjamin: What happened?

Kevin: You've been asleep at the bar almost the whole night.

Benjamin: That little...

Benjamin: Wait, where is my gun?!

Kevin: Hey, keep your voice down, big guy. I don't want this to go south for you. Look, here it is. I found it in the bathroom. You must've went to the bathroom drunk and dropped it.

Benjamin: Thanks Kevin.

Kevin: Don't mention it, big guy. I can keep a secret.


4. TINA DECIDES TO SING LA CANTATA
Wally: Tina, angel! A little birdie let slip that you might be singing tonight right here in the Blue Screen!

Tina: Why, if it isn't the little ol' darlin' himself! Who told you? Ben? Kev?

Wally: Listen, tonight is sort of a special night for me.

Tina: Oh? And why is that?

Wally: I don't really want to say why...

Tina: Alright, you man of mystery, you. Keep your secrets then.

Wally: Well, the reason I bring it up is because I was hoping I could make a request. I know you've probably already got a set list and all, but I would love to hear 'La Cantata' tonight.

Tina: Well, I'd have to warm up my voice to go that high. And I'd have to get permission from the bar tender - you know what it does to the sound system.

Wally: I already talked to him, and he said its okay as long as you're okay with it! So whaddaya say?

Tina: Well... seein' as how it's a special night for you...

Tina: Okay sweetheart. Just for you.

Wally: Yes! Thank you so much Tina! From the bottom of my heart!

5. TINA AND KEVIN DECIDE TO RUN AWAY TOGETHER


6. TINA'S BUSINESS FAILS BECAUSE OF VINNIE'S LAZINESS


7. KEVIN BEATS VINNIE IN A GAME OF POOL
Kevin: Winner, winner, chicken dinner!

Vinnie: Yeah, you got me...

Kevin: Again!

Vinnie: I wonder how you always manage to get people playing with you.

Kevin: Guess life made me charming and I just ran with it. Anyways, cheer up old man! I can pay you another round of whatever it is that you're drinking!

Vinnie: Thanks, kiddo, but I'll pass.

Kevin: Turning sour over a handful of bucks?

Vinnie: You see Vinnie. You have a way with words, you really do. Until you win, then you risk losing it all.

Kevin: With all the due respect, pops, but none of us enter the Blue Screen for life advice.

Vinnie: I see. Just wanted to warn you, because I like you kiddo. Bullets find people more often than not in this part of town, just stay out of the way.

Kevin: Are you threatening me?

8. KEVIN HIDES HIS NERDY SIDE
Tina: C'mon, honey bunny, we are going to be late.

Kevin: I told you I can't make it today...

Tina: I remember, but I'm still waiting for a reason.

Kevin: I've got some business to finish.

Tina: What business has Kevin away from the pools and a glass of whiskey?

Kevin: I'm afraid none of yours, Miss Marino...

Tina: ...Okay, not the smartest time to try your luck, but you do you.

*Tina leaves*

Kevin: I'll make it up to her later. Just a few more hours. This ain't a mere hackathon, cracking this code is going to be huge!


9. KEVIN AND THE DETECTIVE... KNOW EACH OTHER?
Kevin: Hey, you busy?

Detective: Not too busy that I can't make time for you, friend. What's up?

Kevin: Well, uhh, there's this pool tournament. Down at this dive bar downtown.

Detective: Uh huh, sounds right up your alley.

Kevin: Yeah. Uh, anyways, to sign up, you need to be in teams of two. I know pool's not really your thing...

Detective: Say no more, buddy. My afternoon is empty anyways. Let's go kick some dive bar butt!

Kevin: ...Awesome. The bar is called the Blue Screen. I'll see you there tonight.


10. WALLY LOSES TO VINNIE IN POKER
Vinnie: All in.

Wally: You're kidding.

Vinnie: Nope.

Wally: You're bluffing!

Vinnie: Maybe.

Wally: You're luck's been too good. You're definitely bluffing this time. Nice try. I'm all in.

Vinnie: This is an expensive game, Wally. And you already owe me from last week's game. Are you sure?

Wally: I said: I'm ALL. IN.

Vinnie: Flip.

Wally: Two kings. That gives me three of a kind.

Vinnie: I've got a full house.

Wally: Bullcrap!

Vinnie: I tried to warn you, Wally.

Wally: YOU'RE A SCUMBAG AND A CHEAT!

Ben: HEY! Is there trouble over there?

11. WALLY MAKES A SUSPICIOUS PHONE CALL... IS HE BLACKMAILING SOMEONE?
Wally: Hey, you there? Alright, good. The package is in the bathroom. When you move for pickup, make sure your guy's in place.

Voice over the Phone: Wally, I don't know if I can do this.

Wally: Can it with the emotional crap, alright? Be a tough guy, tough guy.

Voice: But...

Wally: Hey, don't forget what's on the line here. You get cold feet now and your secret's out. I'll tell everybody about your past, and I'll even spill the space beans on your little pool racket too.

Voice: You're a real son of a bug, you know that?

Wally: Just get the job done. Who's your guy?

Voice: Just a guy in my neighborhood. Pretty tall, got a red tie on.

Wally: And he's listenin' to ya?

Voice: ...

Wally: Tell me straight, bucko. He's listenin' to ya?

Voice: Yeah. He'll forget everything after tonight.

Wally: Good. See you after the show.


12. THE ONE WHO SHOT VINNIE WAS... THE DETECTIVE?
